Principle of reciprocity.
cue-1
The concept of reciprocity has been studied extensively in social
cue-2
psychology and it has been found that people tend to feel a sense of
cue-3
obligation to repay favors or kindness that have been shown to them.
cue-4
For example, if someone shares valuable information with you, you
cue-5
may feel the need to reciprocate by sharing something useful with them in
cue-6
return.
cue-7
Another example is if someone gives you a small gift, you may feel
cue-8
compelled to reciprocate by doing something nice for them in return.
cue-9
in the context of fishing attacks, Attackers may use reciprocity to
cue-10
trick victims into revealing sensitive information or performing an action by
cue-11
offering something in return such as a free gift or service.